8/23/21
	It's been a couple of weeks since I finished my last project. I've been applying to lots of jobs, going back over old apps to fix any bugs, and trying to add unit tests where I can.
I've abandoned the pro feature on FEM bc it no longer seemed worth it. Also, I'm going to try to build more apps, but smaller so that I can post more to my social medias and hopefully 
drive more traffic to my website. I'm going to focus on learning new things with this app. It's a fairly basic app dealing with an API to get ip addresses for users, but I'm going to build 
this app basically to learn Gatsby, implement Jest unit tests along the way, and maybe TypeScript if it's something that makes sense.

Project Goals:
	1. Learn Gatsby.
	2. Implement Jest unit tests.
	3. TypeScript if possible.
	4. Build it fast, and get it out to the world.

These are the things that I'd like to focus on when building this app. Each day I code, I'm going to make a journal entry with the following structure:
	A. What I plan to do today.
	B. What I ended up doing today.
	C. Any problems/issues/bugs that came up today.
	D. How I solved those problems/issues/bugs.
	E. Lessons from today

Day 1 - 8/23/21
	A. What I plan to do today is get all the boiler plate up, figure out what exactly I'm going to use in the project, start a GitHub repo.
	B. What I ended up doing today was setting up the boilerplate and started a repo.
	C. 
	D. 
	E. Ok, so I'm going to stick with Gatsby and Jest for this, and save TypeScript for the next code. I don't want to overwhelm myself with too many new features on one app.

Day 2 - 8/27/21
	A. What I plan to do today is get the ip API working and map API working.
	B. What I ended up doing today was wasting a bunch of time and getting the ip API working.
	C. 1. How do I make API calls in Gatsby?
		 2. How do I query my nodes that I create?
	D. 1. Just like React.
		 2. No idea.
	E. Gatsby seems super complicated right now. I feel like I'm just building a React app with Gatsby. Not sure this is teaching me anything, but I'll finish it regardless.

Day 3 - 8/28/21
	A. What I plan to do today is finish getting the IP API working.
	B. What I ended up doing today was getting the IP API fully working.
	C. 1. Gatsby seems like a lot of bloat...what exactly is the point?
	D. 1. Maybe for bigger projects...not sure.
	E. This is a learning experience, and not an enjoyable one. I can't wait to finish this trash and move on to TypeScript.

Day 4 - 8/29/21
	A. What I plan to do today is get the map API up and running.
	B. What I did today was get the map API up, but not running. Lots of problems with this shit, too. Even more annoying than Gatsby.
	C. 1. How to recenter the damn map?
	D. 1. Still not sure. Leaflet seems like a half-ass API.
	E. This is now another, even  more annoying piece of this project. It's simple in theory, but it's getting made more and more complicated by this excess tools. I feel like I'm 
	   trying to use a chain saw to cut a tooth pick in half. Very annoying.